.TH KTIMETRACE 1 "June 28, 2001"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
ktimetrace \- graphical interface for data aquisition
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ktimetrace
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B ktimetrace
provides a graphical front end for analog input data aquisition.
It uses the comedilib library, and hardware drivers provided by
.B comedi
to perform data aquisition.  Its graphical interface was built
using the QT and KDE libraries.
.PP
When the program is started, it automatically searches for a
working analog input on the comedi device files /dev/comedi[0-3].
You can change the device with the settings-->device menu.  To
start aquisition, press the 'go' button.  You will be prompted with
a dialog which will let you specify the details of how the data is
to be aquired.
.PP
Most of the controls in the program's dialogs have "what's this?"
help.  It can be accessed by pressing the button labeled with a question mark
and located in the upper right corner of the dialog,
then clicking on the control you are interested in.
.PP
In addition to creating data files with .txt, .txt.gz, or .ts? extensions
(depending on the format),
.B ktimetrace
also produces files with a .ts-par extension, which are text files containing
some information on the settings which were used during aquisition.

.SH OPTIONS
This program does not have any useful command line options.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR comedi (7),
.BR comedi_config (8).
.br
.SH AUTHOR
Frank Mori Hess <fmhess@uiuc.edu>.